well I'm Kevin with Cheryl more sports
and today I'm gonna discuss
Bridgestone's BT Oh - Oh sport touring
motorcycle tire a common problem that
many sport touring riders face is tire
wear or the lifespan so when
constructing this BTO 200 tire the
people at Bridgestone kept that in mind
as a result the VT o 2o has what's
called a mono spiral construction what
that means is that as a continuous
single strand of cord that is wrapped
around the circumference and serves as a
belt of the tire this one-piece
construction eliminates overlapping of
belts seams and joints which would tend
to shorten the lifespan so this of
course lengthens that lifespan the multi
cross belt construction has more
stability since it maximizes heat that's
generated inside the tire and gives high
shock absorption rubber insulated steel
that allows more flexibility than other
types of steel that is used by
competitors reduces heat generation and
provide stability without deteriorating
shock absorption that's what this bt o
2o does it has a silica enriched
compound which offers exceptional level
of grip on both wet and dry surfaces
this mono spiral belt construction
offers high speed stability and
outstanding shock absorption
specifically designed for each model the
compounds construction will vary dispute
the weight horsepower and handling
character characteristics of the model
from which each tire designed so it has
a model for every bike out there this
motorcycle tire is also a tubeless what
this is it's great for your stability
your traction your comfort and then of
course most importantly or more
importantly for many of you out there is
the lifespan of this tire and that is
what you're gonna get it's offered in
Bridgestone's VTO to a sport touring
tire a little bit more information for
you that may be relevant here at
chaperon motorsports we have what's
called our low price guarantee if you're
ever able to find a lower advertised
price from an authorized US dealer on an
in stock product just give us a call or
email us and we will match that
verifiable price for more information on
Bridgestone's bt o - o or on our low
price guarantee check out our website
follow us on Facebook or even on Twitter
that website is Chaparral - racing comm
its your destination for anything and
everything motorsports
thank you